I honestly feel a little burned out by this Horton Hears a Who idea. Maybe it's the sheer
difficulty of trying to manage a state machine like this in PICO-8, but I also feel like
maybe I'm trying to be a bit too grand with this story. I wonder if I should tone this down
a bit, perhaps taking it less seriously, or even rethink it entirely.

The most difficult part is animating this expressive character with multiple limbs. It's
appearing as a necessity because you don't have enough room in the PICO-8 sprite sheet
to hard code all of the character's animations, what with the monsters and people and speech
bubbles and trees you want to draw.

Another difficult bit is the cutscenes for each of the four endings. Not only do you have
to write handcoded animations for those, you also need to include fades and things for each
of those characters.

And honestly, the game doesn't feel quite fun without those things - this game really relies
on its assets to express itself and provide the proper affordances and feeling to the player.
I think I've bitten off a little more than I can chew with this idea - perhaps I can shelve
it or its components for another time.

So, what else can I come up with for the theme "A Small World"?

~~~

- You could reimplement Slime, your cell crawling game. And if you make the environment
  a little more cell-like, you could probably do some interesting stuff.
  - Technically, this isn't from scratch, but your old source is gone, so you'd have to
    reimplement what you wrote.
  - You can probably do things like water currents and more organic walls.
- You could also write your DNA Transcription RTS - have genes and transcribe them at will
  to make your cell do interesting (or dangerous) things.
  - This would be a normal HTML5 game, since you need point and click.
- Something with insects? You could convey smallness with water droplets and blades of grass,
  using aesthetics similar to those in a Bug's Life.
- A different tack - being stuck in a car (e.g. like Strong Bad and The Cheat in the Gremlin)
  - This one could be fun as a text adventure.
